6.5 years ago I was a naive 20 year old girl who had never been away from home for more than a week, let alone 3 months. My parents and I were in the middle of the application process for my study abroad program in London, England. They were both very nervous and worried about me going all the way across the world by myself. I remember my mom saying things like “I’m going to miss you so much” and my dad saying things like “You have to be careful over there, you know.” I remember feeling a mix of excitement and anxiety. I was so excited to have this incredible opportunity to study in a foreign country and to meet new people and experience a new culture. But at the same time, I was worried about being away from home for so long and about being in a new place where I didn’t know anyone.\n\nThe day finally came for me to leave. I had spent the previous week saying goodbye to friends and family, and I was so emotional. I remember getting to the airport and having to say goodbye to my parents. My dad was crying and my mom was trying to hold it together. I was sobbing and I remember my dad saying to me, “You’re going to have the time of your life, and you’re going to make so many friends and create so many memories. You’re going to be fine.” And as much as I wanted to believe him, I was still very nervous.\n\nWhen I arrived in London, I was amazed by the city. It was so different from anything I had ever seen before. The buildings were old and historic, and the streets were filled with people from all over the world. I quickly made friends with other students in my program and we started exploring the city together. We went to museums, galleries, and parks. We also took day trips to nearby cities like Bath and Oxford. I quickly fell in love with London and I couldn’t believe how lucky I was to be living there for three months.\n\nDuring my time in London, I learned so much about myself and the world around me. I learned how to navigate a foreign city and how to communicate with people from different cultures. I also learned how to be independent and how to take care of myself. I made friends from all over the world and I learned about their cultures and their traditions. I also learned about my own culture and what it means to be American.\n\nBut perhaps the most important thing I learned during my time in London was how to be brave and to step out of my comfort zone. I had always been a shy and introverted person, but being in a foreign country forced me to be more outgoing and to make friends with people I had never met before. I also had to be brave in new situations, like navigating the London Underground or asking for help when I was lost.\n\nAs my time in London came to an end, I was so sad to leave. I had made so many amazing friends and I had created so many amazing memories. But I was also excited to go back home and to share my experiences with my family and friends. I also knew that I had grown as a person and that I was now more confident and independent than I had ever been before.\n\nSo, that’s my study abroad story. It was one of the most amazing experiences of my life and I am so grateful that I had the opportunity to study in London. If you have the chance to study abroad, I highly recommend it. It will change your life in ways you never could have imagined.\n\nHere are some tips for studying abroad:\n\n1. Be open to new experiences. Be willing to try new things and to step out of your comfort zone.\n2. Be prepared to be independent. You will have to take care of yourself and make your own decisions.\n3. Be willing to make new friends. Studying abroad is a great opportunity to meet people from all over the world.\n4. Be prepared to miss home. It’s normal to feel homesick, but try to focus on the amazing experiences you are having.\n5. Be willing to learn. Studying abroad is a great opportunity to learn about a new culture and to learn about yourself.\n\nI hope this helps and I wish you all the best on your study abroad journey!
